ICS27 Updates (#638)
cosmos/ibc: spec/app/ics-027-interchain-accounts/README.md

This is a safety function in case of a channel closing and the controller chain needs to regain access to an interchain account on the host chain.

```typescript

> function InitChannel(portId: string, connectionId: string) returns (nil) {

Reviewer: Can we remove this? We decided not to implement it for the time being in ibc-go and will instead leave it up to ica-auth application developers.

`RegisterInterchainAccount` is called on the `OnChanOpenTry` step during the channel creation handshake.

```typescript
function RegisterInterchainAccount(counterpartyPortId: string) returns (nil) {
   // checks to make sure the account has not already been registered

>    // creates a new address on chain deterministically given counterpartyPortId

Reviewer: I guess this should probably also mention the connection-id based on [colins issue](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/issues/767) yesterday? I think the grammar here needs an update either way.

```typescript
{
 // Controller Chain
 SourcePortId: `ics27-<owner-account-address>`,
 SourceChannelId: `<channel-id>`,
 // Host Chain
 CounterpartyPortId: `interchain-account`,
 CounterpartyChannelId: `<channel-id>`,
}
```

ICS-27 channels can only be closed in the event of a timeout (if the implementation uses ordered channels) or in the unlikely event of a light client attack. Controller chains must retain the ability to open new ICS-27 channels and reset the active channel for a particular portID (containing `{owner-account-address}`) and associated interchain account.

The new channel must be opened with the same underlying connections as specified in the stored metadata of the previous active channel.

### Metadata negotiation

> ICS-27 takes advantage of [ICS-04 channel version negotiation](../../core/ics-004-channel-and-packet-semantics/README.md#versioning) to negotiate metadata and channel parameters during the channel handshake. The metadata will contain the encoding format along with the transaction type so that the counterparties can agree on the structure and encoding of the interchain transactions. The metadata sent from the host chain on the TRY step will also contain the interchain account address, so that it can be relayed to the controller chain. At the end of the channel handshake, both the controller and host chains will store a mapping of the controller chain portID to the newly registered interchain account address ([account registration flow](#Register-account-flow)). 

Reviewer: This is a big improvement. Nice

ICS-04 allows for each channel version negotiation to be application-specific. In the case of interchain accounts, the channel version will be a string of a JSON struct containing all the relevant metadata intended to be relayed to the counterparty during the channel handshake step ([see summary below](#Metadata-negotiation-summary)).

Combined with the one channel per interchain account approach, this method of metadata negotiation allows us to pass the address of the interchain account back to the controller chain and create a mapping from controller portID -> interchain account address during the `OnChanOpenAck` callback. As outlined in the [controlling flow](#Controlling-flow), a controller chain will need to know the address of a registered interchain account in order to send transactions to the account on the host chain.

### Metadata negotiation summary

`interchain-account-address` is the address of the interchain account registered on the host chain by the controller chain.

**INIT**

Initiator: Controller

Datagram: ChanOpenInit

Chain Acted Upon: Controller

Version: 
```json
{
  "Version": "ics27-1",
  "Encoding": ["supported encoding types", "..."],

>   "Tx_Types": ["supported transaction types", "..."],

Author: I've included these two to be very explicit about any assumptions shared between the two chains. However, open to feedback on if we should standardize the encoding to all implementations.

Or if we should allow the tx_type to be implicit.

Note in the implementation there will only be one supported type for each

```
{
...
Encoding: protobuf,
Tx_Types: sdk_multi_msg,
}
```

>   "Tx_Types": ["supported transaction types", "..."],

Reviewer 2: These 2 fields [are not part of the implementation in ibc-go](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/types/metadata.pb.go#L28), is that ok?

  "Encoding": "negotiated_encoding_type",
  "Tx_Types": "negotiated_tx_type",
  "ControllerConnectionId": "self_connection_id",
  "HostConnectionId": "counterparty_connection_id",
  "Address": "interchain_account_address",
}
```

Comments: The ICS-27 application on the host chain is responsible for returning this version given the counterparty version set by the controller chain in INIT. The host chain must select a single encoding type and a single tx type that is supported by both the host chain and the controller chain (ie. included in counterparty version). If no such encoding or tx type exists, then the host chain must return an error and abort the handshake.
The host chain must also generate the interchain account address and populate the address field in the version with the interchain account address string.

**ACK**

Initiator: Relayer

Datagram: ChanOpenTry

Chain Acted Upon: Host

CounterpartyVersion: 
```json
{
  "Version": "ics27-1",
  "Encoding": "negotiated_encoding_type",
  "Tx_Types": "negotiated_tx_type",
  "ControllerConnectionId": "self_connection_id",
  "HostConnectionId": "counterparty_connection_id",
  "Address": "interchain_account_address",
}
```

> Comments: On the ChanOpenAck step, the ICS27 application on the controller chain must verify the version string chosen by the host chain on ChanOpenTry. The controller chain must verify that it can support the negotiated encoding and tx type selected by the host chain. If either is unsupported, then it must return an error and abort the handshake.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Comments: On the `OnChanOpenAck` step, the ICS-27 application on the controller chain must verify the version string chosen by the host chain on `OnChanOpenTry`. The controller chain must verify that it can support the negotiated encoding and tx type selected by the host chain. If either is unsupported, then it must return an error and abort the handshake.
```

  counterpartyChannelIdentifier: Identifier,
  counterpartyVersion: string) (version: string) {
  // only ordered channels allowed
  abortTransactionUnless(order === ORDERED)
  // validate port ID
  abortTransactionUnless(portIdentifier === "interchain-account")
  // only allow channels to be created on host chain if the counteparty port ID
  // is in the expected controller portID format.
  abortTransactionUnless(validateControllerPortParams(counterpartyPortIdentifier))
  // create the interchain account 
  account = RegisterInterchainAccount(counterpartyPortIdentifier)

  cpMetadata = UnmarshalJSON(counterpartyVersion)

  abortTransactionUnless(cpMetadata.Version === "ics27-1")
  // select an encoding and tx type. If none are supported by executing chain then
  // abortTransaction
  encoding = SelectEncoding(cpMetadata.Encoding)
  abortTransactionUnless(encoding != "")
  txType = SelectTxType(cpMetadata.TxType)
  abortTransactionUnless(txType != "")

  abortTransactionUnless(cpMetadata.ControllerConnectionId === counterpartyConnectionId)
  abortTransactionUnless(cpMetadata.HostConnectionId === connectionId)
  
  metadata = {
    "Version": "ics27-1",
    "Encoding": encoding,

>     "TxType": txType,

Reviewer 2: `TxTypes`?

    "ControllerConnectionId": cpMetadata.ControllerConnectionId,
    "HostConnectionId": cpMetadata.HostConnectionId,

>     "Account": account,

Reviewer 2: This should be `Address`, right?

function onChanOpenAck(
  portIdentifier: Identifier,
  channelIdentifier: Identifier,
  counterpartyVersion: string) {
  // validate counterparty metadata decided by host chain
  metadata = UnmarshalJSON(version)

  abortTransactionUnless(metadata.Version === "ics27-1")
  abortTransactionUnless(IsSupportedEncoding(metadata.Encoding))
  abortTransactionUnless(IsSupportedTxType(metadata.TxType))

  abortTransactionUnless(metadata.ControllerConnectionId === connectionId)
  abortTransactionUnless(metadata.HostConnectionId === counterpartyConnectionId)

  // state change to keep track of successfully registered interchain account

>   SetInterchainAccountAddress(portID, metadata.Account)

Reviewer 2: `.Address` instead, right?
